The settings GUI opened by typical windows screen saver settings or by pressing s while the screensaver is running will remsemble the following, but use the dark.qss to guide you on specifics as it contains all the stylings needed.

1. 16:9 rectangular, dark themed as dark.qss specifies. Minimum size should be decided based on components we end up with but 1080x720 is a good start.

2. Dark glass styling (this is very much already in dark.qss), rounded borders, clear text, circle checkboxes and toggles, any sliders, labels or buttons should not be cut off. Their on state should clearly be different than their off state (pressed button/box/etc vs unpressed) but follow our general style.

3. Side tab section design. Side tray/column on the left sectioned off and and relatively small but contains large crisp buttons to decide what settings section is shown.

4. Tabs include "Sources" (This is where the user can browse for and add directories to a saved pool for images to be used. Removal is manual (highlight, click remove). Another entry box for RSS Feeds, but that will ask for exact addresses. Directories and RSS will each have a circle checkbox toggle on top as well as a Both circle checkbox that will use from both pools simultaneously. These are toggles.

5. Second Tab will be "Transitions" and allow for customization and selection of transitions as outlined in initial_screensaver_plan.md

6. Third tab will be "Widgets" and will allow turning on and off as well as customizing the clock and weather widgets. (Weather location with auto complete fill) (Clock with 12hr/24hr, timezone text display, digital or analog) 

All widgets will have options for transparency, which displays they will appear on (All/1/2/3 or Disabled) as well as size and general positioning (top left top right bottom left and bottom right)

There will be a multiple clocks button which will open a small stylized pop up dialog where the user can enter up to 3 different timezone choices with auto complete like before and an enable checkbox. When this is enabled each display will have a different timezone if possible.

ALL SETTINGS ARE SAVED AND APPLIED INSTANTLY.

7. Fourth and last tab is About. This is self explanatory and fluff for now.